Help My Mom

Are you the tech support person in your family? 

 

Do you get questions from your mom with little or no useful detail? 

 

Have you ever explained how to do something that you have already previously explained?

 

 Does your mom expect step by step instructions and get lost if one instruction is slightly different than what is on the screen?

 

 Does your mom have problems setting up a cable card in a tivo box? 

 

Does your mom complain that she does not know where she saved her file? 

 

Instead of searching on google, does your mom contact you?

 

 Does your mom have problems finding the “share screen” button on zoom?

 

 Introducing - Help My Mom Help My Mom (HMM) is a mobile app and website used to help moms all around the world with tech support issues. HMM brings together three groups of users: moms, sons & daughters, and helpers. 

 

Moms are the ones seeking help.

 

 The sons & daughters (S&D) are the ones that want to outsource tech support.

 

 The helpers are younger people (typically age 16-28) who help other people’s moms. 

 

The application works by letting the users sign up. Note that moms might need help setting up and account. The S&D would help set up this account. The S&D are typically tech savvy and can assign a helper to the mom.

 

 The S&D will vet and hand choose the helpers. 

 

The work flow goes as follows. 

1) Moms or S&D can report tech issues. 

2) S&D can assign helpers. 

3) Helpers are notified when they next to help a mom. 

4) A tech issue has the states of { new, assigned, in progress, completed, approved } 

5) A helper helps a mom by using email, phone, screen shares, etc. 

6) The helper is responsible for communication channels. 

7) When an issue is completed, the helper fills out a description of how the problem was resolved. 

8) A mom or S&D can approve it and that is when $19.99 of HMM Fun Bucks are applied to the helper account.

 9) Notifications should include both push notifications and email.

 10) S&D can choose whether they want notified for each state.